Note 1: Try to keep the functional behavior side-effect free, although side-effects such as caching are generally fine. Note 2: Avoid using properties for computationally expensive operations; the attribute notation makes the caller believe that access is (relatively) cheap. If your class is intended to be subclassed, and you have attributes that you do not want subclasses to use, consider naming them with double leading underscores and no trailing underscores. This invokes Python’s name mangling algorithm, where the name of the class is mangled into the attribute name. This helps avoid attribute name collisions should subclasses inadvertently contain attributes with the same name. Note 1: Note that only the simple class name is used in the mangled name, so if a subclass chooses both the same class name and attribute name, you can still get name collisions. Note 2: Name mangling can make certain uses, such as debugging and __getattr(), less convenient. However the name mangling algorithm is well documented and easy to perform manually. Note 3: Not everyone likes name mangling. Try to balance the need to avoid accidental name clashes with potential use by advanced callers. Note 1: Note that only the simple class name is used in the mangled name, so if a subclass chooses both the same class name and attribute name, you can still get name collisions. Note 2: Name mangling can make certain uses, such as debugging and getattr(), less convenient. However the name mangling algorithm is well documented and easy to perform manually. __getattr__() Note 3: Not everyone likes name mangling. Try to balance the need to avoid accidental name clashes with potential use by advanced callers. ### Public and Internal Interfaces Any backwards compatibility guarantees apply only to public interfaces. Accordingly, it is important that users be able to clearly distinguish between public and internal interfaces. Documented interfaces are considered public, unless the documentation explicitly declares them to be provisional or internal interfaces exempt from the usual backwards compatibility guarantees. All undocumented interfaces should be assumed to be internal. To better support introspection, modules should explicitly declare the names in their public API using the all attribute. Setting all to an empty list indicates that the module has no public API. __all__ __all__ Even with all set appropriately, internal interfaces (packages, modules, classes, functions, attributes or other names) should still be prefixed with a single leading underscore.