"""triple double quotes""" r"""raw triple double quotes""" There are two forms of docstrings: one-liners and multi-line docstrings. ### One-line Docstrings One-liners are for really obvious cases. They should really fit on one line. For example: def kos_root(): """Return the pathname of the KOS root directory. """ global _kos_root if _kos_root: return _kos_root. Notes: Triple quotes are used even though the string fits on one line. This makes it easy to later expand it. The closing quotes are on the same line as the opening quotes. This looks better for one-liners. There’s no blank line either before or after the docstring. The docstring is a phrase ending in a period. It prescribes the function or method’s effect as a command (“Do this”, “Return that”), not as a description; e. g. don’t write “Returns the pathname …”. The one-line docstring should NOT be a “signature” reiterating the function/method parameters (which can be obtained by introspection). Don’t do:def function(a, b): """function(a, b) -> list""" This type of docstring is only appropriate for C functions (such as built-ins), where introspection is not possible. However, the nature of the return value cannot be determined by introspection, so it should be mentioned. The preferred form for such a docstring would be something like: def function(a, b): """Do X and return a list. """ (Of course “Do X” should be replaced by a useful description. ) def function(a, b): """function(a, b) -> list""" This type of docstring is only appropriate for C functions (such as built-ins), where introspection is not possible. However, the nature of the return value cannot be determined by introspection, so it should be mentioned. The preferred form for such a docstring would be something like: def function(a, b): """Do X and return a list. """ (Of course “Do X” should be replaced by a useful description. ) ### Multi-line Docstrings Multi-line docstrings consist of a summary line just like a one-line docstring, followed by a blank line, followed by a more elaborate description. The summary line may be used by automatic indexing tools; it is important that it fits on one line and is separated from the rest of the docstring by a blank line.