Argparse Tutorial. 13. 5 Source:  Argparse Tutorial¶ Tshepang Mbambo This tutorial is intended to be a gentle introduction to argparse, the recommended command-line parsing module in the Python standard library. argparse Note The standard library includes two other libraries directly related to command-line parameter processing: the lower level optparse module (which may require more code to configure for a given application, but also allows an application to request behaviors that argparse doesn’t support), and the very low level getopt (which specifically serves as an equivalent to the getopt() family of functions available to C programmers). While neither of those modules is covered directly in this guide, many of the core concepts in argparse first originated in optparse, so some aspects of this tutorial will also be relevant to optparse users. optparse argparse getopt getopt() argparse optparse optparse ## Concepts¶ Let’s show the sort of functionality that we are going to explore in this introductory tutorial by making use of the ls command: $ ls cpython devguide prog. py pypy rm-unused-function. patch $ ls pypy ctypes_configure demo dotviewer include lib_pypy lib-python. $ ls -l total 20 drwxr-xr-x 19 wena wena 4096 Feb 18 18:51 cpython drwxr-xr-x 4 wena wena 4096 Feb 8 12:04 devguide -rwxr-xr-x 1 wena wena 535 Feb 19 00:05 prog. py drwxr-xr-x 14 wena wena 4096 Feb 7 00:59 pypy -rw-r--r-- 1 wena wena 741 Feb 18 01:01 rm-unused-function. patch $ ls --help Usage: ls [OPTION]. [FILE]. List information about the FILEs (the current directory by default). Sort entries alphabetically if none of -cftuvSUX nor --sort is specified. A few concepts we can learn from the four commands: The ls command is useful when run without any options at all. It defaults to displaying the contents of the current directory. The ls command is useful when run without any options at all. It defaults to displaying the contents of the current directory. If we want beyond what it provides by default, we tell it a bit more. In this case, we want it to display a different directory, pypy.