Availability: Unix, not WASI. Return the current process id. The function is a stub on WASI, see WebAssembly platforms for more information. Return the parent’s process id. When the parent process has exited, on Unix the id returned is the one of the init process (1), on Windows it is still the same id, which may be already reused by another process. Availability: Unix, Windows, not WASI. Changed in version 3. 2: Added support for Windows. Get program scheduling priority. The value which is one of PRIO_PROCESS, PRIO_PGRP, or PRIO_USER, and who is interpreted relative to which (a process identifier for PRIO_PROCESS, process group identifier for PRIO_PGRP, and a user ID for PRIO_USER). A zero value for who denotes (respectively) the calling process, the process group of the calling process, or the real user ID of the calling process. PRIO_PROCESS PRIO_PGRP PRIO_USER PRIO_PROCESS PRIO_PGRP PRIO_USER Availability: Unix, not WASI. Added in version 3. 3. Parameters for the getpriority() and setpriority() functions. getpriority() setpriority() Availability: Unix, not WASI. Added in version 3. 3. Parameters for the getpriority() and setpriority() functions. getpriority() setpriority() Availability: macOS Added in version 3. 12. Return a tuple (ruid, euid, suid) denoting the current process’s real, effective, and saved user ids. Availability: Unix, not WASI. Added in version 3. 2. Return a tuple (rgid, egid, sgid) denoting the current process’s real, effective, and saved group ids. Availability: Unix, not WASI. Added in version 3. 2. Return the current process’s real user id. Availability: Unix. The function is a stub on WASI, see WebAssembly platforms for more information. Call the system initgroups() to initialize the group access list with all of the groups of which the specified username is a member, plus the specified group id. Availability: Unix, not WASI, not Android. Added in version 3. 2. Set the environment variable named key to the string value. Such changes to the environment affect subprocesses started with os.