If the subject value is not a sequence [2], the sequence pattern fails. If the subject value is an instance of str, bytes or bytearray the sequence pattern fails. If the subject value is an instance of str, bytes or bytearray the sequence pattern fails. str bytes bytearray The subsequent steps depend on whether the sequence pattern is fixed or variable-length. If the sequence pattern is fixed-length: If the length of the subject sequence is not equal to the number of subpatterns, the sequence pattern fails Subpatterns in the sequence pattern are matched to their corresponding items in the subject sequence from left to right. Matching stops as soon as a subpattern fails. If all subpatterns succeed in matching their corresponding item, the sequence pattern succeeds. Otherwise, if the sequence pattern is variable-length: If the length of the subject sequence is less than the number of non-star subpatterns, the sequence pattern fails. The leading non-star subpatterns are matched to their corresponding items as for fixed-length sequences. If the previous step succeeds, the star subpattern matches a list formed of the remaining subject items, excluding the remaining items corresponding to non-star subpatterns following the star subpattern. Remaining non-star subpatterns are matched to their corresponding subject items, as for a fixed-length sequence. Note The length of the subject sequence is obtained via len() (i. e. via the len() protocol). This length may be cached by the interpreter in a similar manner as value patterns. The subsequent steps depend on whether the sequence pattern is fixed or variable-length. If the sequence pattern is fixed-length: If the length of the subject sequence is not equal to the number of subpatterns, the sequence pattern fails If the length of the subject sequence is not equal to the number of subpatterns, the sequence pattern fails Subpatterns in the sequence pattern are matched to their corresponding items in the subject sequence from left to right. Matching stops as soon as a subpattern fails. If all subpatterns succeed in matching their corresponding item, the sequence pattern succeeds. Subpatterns in the sequence pattern are matched to their corresponding items in the subject sequence from left to right. Matching stops as soon as a subpattern fails. If all subpatterns succeed in matching their corresponding item, the sequence pattern succeeds. Otherwise, if the sequence pattern is variable-length: If the length of the subject sequence is less than the number of non-star subpatterns, the sequence pattern fails.