Names are resolved in the top-level namespace by searching the global namespace, i. e. the namespace of the module containing the code block, and the builtins namespace, the namespace of the module builtins. The global namespace is searched first. If the names are not found there, the builtins namespace is searched next. If the names are also not found in the builtins namespace, new variables are created in the global namespace. The global statement must precede all uses of the listed names. global builtins The global statement has the same scope as a name binding operation in the same block. If the nearest enclosing scope for a free variable contains a global statement, the free variable is treated as a global. global The nonlocal statement causes corresponding names to refer to previously bound variables in the nearest enclosing function scope. SyntaxError is raised at compile time if the given name does not exist in any enclosing function scope. Type parameters cannot be rebound with the nonlocal statement. nonlocal SyntaxError nonlocal The namespace for a module is automatically created the first time a module is imported. The main module for a script is always called main. __main__ Class definition blocks and arguments to exec() and eval() are special in the context of name resolution. A class definition is an executable statement that may use and define names. These references follow the normal rules for name resolution with an exception that unbound local variables are looked up in the global namespace. The namespace of the class definition becomes the attribute dictionary of the class. The scope of names defined in a class block is limited to the class block; it does not extend to the code blocks of methods. This includes comprehensions and generator expressions, but it does not include annotation scopes, which have access to their enclosing class scopes. This means that the following will fail: exec() eval() class A: a = 42 b = list(a + i for i in range(10)) However, the following will succeed: class A: type Alias = Nested class Nested: pass print(A. Alias. __value__) # <type 'A. Nested'> ### 4. 2. 3. Annotation scopes¶ Type parameter lists and type statements introduce annotation scopes, which behave mostly like function scopes, but with some exceptions discussed below. Annotations currently do not use annotation scopes, but they are expected to use annotation scopes in Python 3. 13 when PEP 649 is implemented.