A list of strings that specifies the search path for modules. Initialized from the environment variable PYTHONPATH, plus an installation-dependent default. PYTHONPATH By default, as initialized upon program startup, a potentially unsafe path is prepended to sys. path (before the entries inserted as a result of PYTHONPATH): sys. path PYTHONPATH python -m module command line: prepend the current working directory. python -m module command line: prepend the current working directory. python -m module python script. py command line: prepend the script’s directory. If it’s a symbolic link, resolve symbolic links. python script. py command line: prepend the script’s directory. If it’s a symbolic link, resolve symbolic links. python script. py python -c code and python (REPL) command lines: prepend an empty string, which means the current working directory. python -c code and python (REPL) command lines: prepend an empty string, which means the current working directory. python -c code python To not prepend this potentially unsafe path, use the -P command line option or the PYTHONSAFEPATH environment variable. -P PYTHONSAFEPATH A program is free to modify this list for its own purposes. Only strings should be added to sys. path; all other data types are ignored during import. sys. path See also Module site This describes how to use. pth files to extend sys. path. Module site This describes how to use. pth files to extend sys. path. site sys. path A list of callables that take a path argument to try to create a finder for the path. If a finder can be created, it is to be returned by the callable, else raise ImportError. ImportError Originally specified in PEP 302. A dictionary acting as a cache for finder objects. The keys are paths that have been passed to sys. path_hooks and the values are the finders that are found. If a path is a valid file system path but no finder is found on sys. path_hooks then None is stored. sys. path_hooks sys. path_hooks None Originally specified in PEP 302. A string containing a platform identifier.