Modules which are not available on some platforms and modules disabled at Python build are also listed. All module kinds are listed: pure Python, built-in, frozen and extension modules. Test modules are excluded. For packages, only the main package is listed: sub-packages and sub-modules are not listed. For example, the email package is listed, but the email. mime sub-package and the email. message sub-module are not listed. email email. mime email. message See also the sys. builtin_module_names list. sys. builtin_module_names Added in version 3. 10. A named tuple holding information about the thread implementation. The name of the thread implementation: "nt": Windows threads "nt": Windows threads "nt" "pthread": POSIX threads "pthread": POSIX threads "pthread" "pthread-stubs": stub POSIX threads (on WebAssembly platforms without threading support) "pthread-stubs": stub POSIX threads (on WebAssembly platforms without threading support) "pthread-stubs" "solaris": Solaris threads "solaris": Solaris threads "solaris" The name of the lock implementation: "semaphore": a lock uses a semaphore "semaphore": a lock uses a semaphore "semaphore" "mutex+cond": a lock uses a mutex and a condition variable "mutex+cond": a lock uses a mutex and a condition variable "mutex+cond" None if this information is unknown None if this information is unknown None The name and version of the thread library. It is a string, or None if this information is unknown. None Added in version 3. 3. When this variable is set to an integer value, it determines the maximum number of levels of traceback information printed when an unhandled exception occurs. The default is 1000. When set to 0 or less, all traceback information is suppressed and only the exception type and value are printed. 1000 0 Handle an unraisable exception. Called when an exception has occurred but there is no way for Python to handle it. For example, when a destructor raises an exception or during garbage collection (gc. collect()). gc. collect() The unraisable argument has the following attributes: exc_type: Exception type. exc_type: Exception type. exc_type exc_value: Exception value, can be None. exc_value: Exception value, can be None. exc_value None exc_traceback: Exception traceback, can be None.