This is implemented using a pair of methods that allow user-defined classes to define a runtime context that is entered before the statement body is executed and exited when the statement ends: with Enter the runtime context and return either this object or another object related to the runtime context. The value returned by this method is bound to the identifier in the as clause of with statements using this context manager. as with An example of a context manager that returns itself is a file object. File objects return themselves from enter() to allow open() to be used as the context expression in a with statement. open() with An example of a context manager that returns a related object is the one returned by decimal. localcontext(). These managers set the active decimal context to a copy of the original decimal context and then return the copy. This allows changes to be made to the current decimal context in the body of the with statement without affecting code outside the with statement. decimal. localcontext() with with Exit the runtime context and return a Boolean flag indicating if any exception that occurred should be suppressed. If an exception occurred while executing the body of the with statement, the arguments contain the exception type, value and traceback information. Otherwise, all three arguments are None. with None Returning a true value from this method will cause the with statement to suppress the exception and continue execution with the statement immediately following the with statement. Otherwise the exception continues propagating after this method has finished executing. Exceptions that occur during execution of this method will replace any exception that occurred in the body of the with statement. with with with The exception passed in should never be reraised explicitly - instead, this method should return a false value to indicate that the method completed successfully and does not want to suppress the raised exception. This allows context management code to easily detect whether or not an exit() method has actually failed. __exit__() Python defines several context managers to support easy thread synchronisation, prompt closure of files or other objects, and simpler manipulation of the active decimal arithmetic context. The specific types are not treated specially beyond their implementation of the context management protocol. See the contextlib module for some examples. contextlib Python’s generators and the contextlib. contextmanager decorator provide a convenient way to implement these protocols. If a generator function is decorated with the contextlib. contextmanager decorator, it will return a context manager implementing the necessary enter() and exit() methods, rather than the iterator produced by an undecorated generator function. contextlib.