Added in version 3. 8. Return a string describing the encoding of the device associated with fd if it is connected to a terminal; else return None. None On Unix, if the Python UTF-8 Mode is enabled, return 'UTF-8' rather than the device encoding. 'UTF-8' Changed in version 3. 10: On Unix, the function now implements the Python UTF-8 Mode. Return a duplicate of file descriptor fd. The new file descriptor is non-inheritable. On Windows, when duplicating a standard stream (0: stdin, 1: stdout, 2: stderr), the new file descriptor is inheritable. Availability: not WASI. Changed in version 3. 4: The new file descriptor is now non-inheritable. Duplicate file descriptor fd to fd2, closing the latter first if necessary. Return fd2. The new file descriptor is inheritable by default or non-inheritable if inheritable is False. False Availability: not WASI. Changed in version 3. 4: Add the optional inheritable parameter. Changed in version 3. 7: Return fd2 on success. Previously, None was always returned. None Change the mode of the file given by fd to the numeric mode. See the docs for chmod() for possible values of mode. As of Python 3. 3, this is equivalent to os. chmod(fd, mode). chmod() os. chmod(fd, mode) Raises an auditing event os. chmod with arguments path, mode, dir_fd. os. chmod path mode dir_fd Availability: Unix, Windows. The function is limited on WASI, see WebAssembly platforms for more information. Changed in version 3. 13: Added support on Windows. Change the owner and group id of the file given by fd to the numeric uid and gid. To leave one of the ids unchanged, set it to -1. See chown(). As of Python 3. 3, this is equivalent to os. chown(fd, uid, gid). chown() os. chown(fd, uid, gid) Raises an auditing event os. chown with arguments path, uid, gid, dir_fd. os. chown path uid gid dir_fd Availability: Unix. The function is limited on WASI, see WebAssembly platforms for more information. Force write of file with filedescriptor fd to disk. Does not force update of metadata.