(somename) Conversion flags (optional), which affect the result of some conversion types. Conversion flags (optional), which affect the result of some conversion types. Minimum field width (optional). If specified as an '' (asterisk), the actual width is read from the next element of the tuple in values, and the object to convert comes after the minimum field width and optional precision. Minimum field width (optional). If specified as an '' (asterisk), the actual width is read from the next element of the tuple in values, and the object to convert comes after the minimum field width and optional precision. '*' Precision (optional), given as a '. ' (dot) followed by the precision. If specified as '' (an asterisk), the actual precision is read from the next element of the tuple in values, and the value to convert comes after the precision. Precision (optional), given as a '. ' (dot) followed by the precision. If specified as '*' (an asterisk), the actual precision is read from the next element of the tuple in values, and the value to convert comes after the precision. '. ' '*' Length modifier (optional). Length modifier (optional). Conversion type. Conversion type. When the right argument is a dictionary (or other mapping type), then the formats in the bytes object must include a parenthesised mapping key into that dictionary inserted immediately after the '%' character. The mapping key selects the value to be formatted from the mapping. For example: '%' >>> print(b'%(language)s has %(number)03d quote types. ' %. {b'language': b"Python", b"number": 2}) b'Python has 002 quote types. ' In this case no * specifiers may occur in a format (since they require a sequential parameter list). * The conversion flag characters are: Flag Meaning '#' '#' The value conversion will use the “alternate form” (where defined below). '0' '0' The conversion will be zero padded for numeric values. '-' '-' The converted value is left adjusted (overrides the '0' conversion if both are given). '0' ' ' ' ' (a space) A blank should be left before a positive number (or empty string) produced by a signed conversion. '+' '+' A sign character ('+' or '-') will precede the conversion (overrides a “space” flag).