The built-in breakpoint() function passes its args and kws straight through. Whatever breakpointhooks() returns is returned from breakpoint(). pdb. set_trace() breakpoint() *args **kws breakpointhooks() breakpoint() The default implementation first consults the environment variable PYTHONBREAKPOINT. If that is set to "0" then this function returns immediately; i. e. it is a no-op. If the environment variable is not set, or is set to the empty string, pdb. set_trace() is called. Otherwise this variable should name a function to run, using Python’s dotted-import nomenclature, e. g. package. subpackage. module. function. In this case, package. subpackage. module would be imported and the resulting module must have a callable named function(). This is run, passing in *args and kws, and whatever function() returns, sys. breakpointhook() returns to the built-in breakpoint() function. PYTHONBREAKPOINT "0" pdb. set_trace() package. subpackage. module. function package. subpackage. module function() *args **kws function() sys. breakpointhook() breakpoint() Note that if anything goes wrong while importing the callable named by PYTHONBREAKPOINT, a RuntimeWarning is reported and the breakpoint is ignored. PYTHONBREAKPOINT RuntimeWarning Also note that if sys. breakpointhook() is overridden programmatically, PYTHONBREAKPOINT is not consulted. sys. breakpointhook() PYTHONBREAKPOINT Added in version 3. 7. Print low-level information to stderr about the state of CPython’s memory allocator. If Python is built in debug mode (configure --with-pydebug option), it also performs some expensive internal consistency checks. configure --with-pydebug option Added in version 3. 3. CPython implementation detail: This function is specific to CPython. The exact output format is not defined here, and may change. Integer specifying the handle of the Python DLL. Availability: Windows. If value is not None, this function prints repr(value) to sys. stdout, and saves value in builtins. _. If repr(value) is not encodable to sys. stdout. encoding with sys. stdout. errors error handler (which is probably 'strict'), encode it to sys. stdout. encoding with 'backslashreplace' error handler. None repr(value) sys. stdout builtins.