Availability: Unix. Note This function is not available on MacOS. Return system configuration information relevant to an open file. name specifies the configuration value to retrieve; it may be a string which is the name of a defined system value; these names are specified in a number of standards (POSIX. 1, Unix 95, Unix 98, and others). Some platforms define additional names as well. The names known to the host operating system are given in the pathconf_names dictionary. For configuration variables not included in that mapping, passing an integer for name is also accepted. pathconf_names If name is a string and is not known, ValueError is raised. If a specific value for name is not supported by the host system, even if it is included in pathconf_names, an OSError is raised with errno. EINVAL for the error number. ValueError pathconf_names OSError errno. EINVAL As of Python 3. 3, this is equivalent to os. pathconf(fd, name). os. pathconf(fd, name) Availability: Unix. Get the status of the file descriptor fd. Return a stat_result object. stat_result As of Python 3. 3, this is equivalent to os. stat(fd). os. stat(fd) See also The stat() function. stat() Return information about the filesystem containing the file associated with file descriptor fd, like statvfs(). As of Python 3. 3, this is equivalent to os. statvfs(fd). statvfs() os. statvfs(fd) Availability: Unix. Force write of file with filedescriptor fd to disk. On Unix, this calls the native fsync() function; on Windows, the MS _commit() function. fsync() _commit() If you’re starting with a buffered Python file object f, first do f. flush(), and then do os. fsync(f. fileno()), to ensure that all internal buffers associated with f are written to disk. f. flush() os. fsync(f. fileno()) Availability: Unix, Windows. Truncate the file corresponding to file descriptor fd, so that it is at most length bytes in size. As of Python 3. 3, this is equivalent to os. truncate(fd, length). os. truncate(fd, length) Raises an auditing event os. truncate with arguments fd, length. os. truncate fd length Availability: Unix, Windows. Changed in version 3.