However, for the Windows console, this only applies when PYTHONLEGACYWINDOWSSTDIO is also set. PYTHONIOENCODING -X utf8 PYTHONUTF8 PYTHONLEGACYWINDOWSSTDIO When interactive, the stdout stream is line-buffered. Otherwise, it is block-buffered like regular text files. The stderr stream is line-buffered in both cases. You can make both streams unbuffered by passing the -u command-line option or setting the PYTHONUNBUFFERED environment variable. When interactive, the stdout stream is line-buffered. Otherwise, it is block-buffered like regular text files. The stderr stream is line-buffered in both cases. You can make both streams unbuffered by passing the -u command-line option or setting the PYTHONUNBUFFERED environment variable. stdout stderr -u PYTHONUNBUFFERED Changed in version 3. 9: Non-interactive stderr is now line-buffered instead of fully buffered. stderr Note To write or read binary data from/to the standard streams, use the underlying binary buffer object. For example, to write bytes to stdout, use sys. stdout. buffer. write(b'abc'). buffer stdout sys. stdout. buffer. write(b'abc') However, if you are writing a library (and do not control in which context its code will be executed), be aware that the standard streams may be replaced with file-like objects like io. StringIO which do not support the buffer attribute. io. StringIO buffer These objects contain the original values of stdin, stderr and stdout at the start of the program. They are used during finalization, and could be useful to print to the actual standard stream no matter if the sys. std object has been redirected. stdin stderr stdout sys. std* It can also be used to restore the actual files to known working file objects in case they have been overwritten with a broken object. However, the preferred way to do this is to explicitly save the previous stream before replacing it, and restore the saved object. Note Under some conditions stdin, stdout and stderr as well as the original values stdin, stdout and stderr can be None. It is usually the case for Windows GUI apps that aren’t connected to a console and Python apps started with pythonw. stdin stdout stderr __stdin__ __stdout__ __stderr__ None A frozenset of strings containing the names of standard library modules. It is the same on all platforms.