This function should be employed only if WIFSTOPPED() is true. WIFSTOPPED() Availability: Unix, not WASI, not Android, not iOS. Return the number of the signal that caused the process to terminate. This function should be employed only if WIFSIGNALED() is true. WIFSIGNALED() Availability: Unix, not WASI, not Android, not iOS. ## Interface to the scheduler¶ These functions control how a process is allocated CPU time by the operating system. They are only available on some Unix platforms. For more detailed information, consult your Unix manpages. Added in version 3. 3. The following scheduling policies are exposed if they are supported by the operating system. The default scheduling policy. Scheduling policy for CPU-intensive processes that tries to preserve interactivity on the rest of the computer. Scheduling policy for extremely low priority background tasks. Scheduling policy for sporadic server programs. A First In First Out scheduling policy. A round-robin scheduling policy. This flag can be OR’ed with any other scheduling policy. When a process with this flag set forks, its child’s scheduling policy and priority are reset to the default. This class represents tunable scheduling parameters used in sched_setparam(), sched_setscheduler(), and sched_getparam(). It is immutable. sched_setparam() sched_setscheduler() sched_getparam() At the moment, there is only one possible parameter: The scheduling priority for a scheduling policy. Get the minimum priority value for policy. policy is one of the scheduling policy constants above. Get the maximum priority value for policy. policy is one of the scheduling policy constants above. Set the scheduling policy for the process with PID pid. A pid of 0 means the calling process. policy is one of the scheduling policy constants above. param is a sched_param instance. sched_param Return the scheduling policy for the process with PID pid. A pid of 0 means the calling process. The result is one of the scheduling policy constants above. Set the scheduling parameters for the process with PID pid. A pid of 0 means the calling process. param is a sched_param instance. sched_param Return the scheduling parameters as a sched_param instance for the process with PID pid. A pid of 0 means the calling process. sched_param Return the round-robin quantum in seconds for the process with PID pid. A pid of 0 means the calling process. Voluntarily relinquish the CPU.