A flag for the timerfd_settime() and timerfd_settime_ns() functions along with TFD_TIMER_ABSTIME. The timer is cancelled when the time of the underlying clock changes discontinuously. timerfd_settime() timerfd_settime_ns() TFD_TIMER_ABSTIME Availability: Linux >= 2. 6. 27 with glibc >= 2. 8 Added in version 3. 13. ### Linux extended attributes¶ Added in version 3. 3. These functions are all available on Linux only. Return the value of the extended filesystem attribute attribute for path. attribute can be bytes or str (directly or indirectly through the PathLike interface). If it is str, it is encoded with the filesystem encoding. PathLike This function can support specifying a file descriptor and not following symlinks. Raises an auditing event os. getxattr with arguments path, attribute. os. getxattr path attribute Changed in version 3. 6: Accepts a path-like object for path and attribute. Return a list of the extended filesystem attributes on path. The attributes in the list are represented as strings decoded with the filesystem encoding. If path is None, listxattr() will examine the current directory. None listxattr() This function can support specifying a file descriptor and not following symlinks. Raises an auditing event os. listxattr with argument path. os. listxattr path Changed in version 3. 6: Accepts a path-like object. Removes the extended filesystem attribute attribute from path. attribute should be bytes or str (directly or indirectly through the PathLike interface). If it is a string, it is encoded with the filesystem encoding and error handler. PathLike This function can support specifying a file descriptor and not following symlinks. Raises an auditing event os. removexattr with arguments path, attribute. os. removexattr path attribute Changed in version 3. 6: Accepts a path-like object for path and attribute. Set the extended filesystem attribute attribute on path to value. attribute must be a bytes or str with no embedded NULs (directly or indirectly through the PathLike interface). If it is a str, it is encoded with the filesystem encoding and error handler. flags may be XATTR_REPLACE or XATTR_CREATE. If XATTR_REPLACE is given and the attribute does not exist, ENODATA will be raised.