Binary sequences (instances of bytes or bytearray) can be compared within and across their types. They compare lexicographically using the numeric values of their elements. bytes bytearray Strings (instances of str) compare lexicographically using the numerical Unicode code points (the result of the built-in function ord()) of their characters. [3] Strings and binary sequences cannot be directly compared. Strings (instances of str) compare lexicographically using the numerical Unicode code points (the result of the built-in function ord()) of their characters. [3] str ord() Strings and binary sequences cannot be directly compared. Sequences (instances of tuple, list, or range) can be compared only within each of their types, with the restriction that ranges do not support order comparison. Equality comparison across these types results in inequality, and ordering comparison across these types raises TypeError. Sequences compare lexicographically using comparison of corresponding elements. The built-in containers typically assume identical objects are equal to themselves. That lets them bypass equality tests for identical objects to improve performance and to maintain their internal invariants. Lexicographical comparison between built-in collections works as follows: For two collections to compare equal, they must be of the same type, have the same length, and each pair of corresponding elements must compare equal (for example, [1,2] == (1,2) is false because the type is not the same). Collections that support order comparison are ordered the same as their first unequal elements (for example, [1,2,x] <= [1,2,y] has the same value as x <= y). If a corresponding element does not exist, the shorter collection is ordered first (for example, [1,2] < [1,2,3] is true). Sequences (instances of tuple, list, or range) can be compared only within each of their types, with the restriction that ranges do not support order comparison. Equality comparison across these types results in inequality, and ordering comparison across these types raises TypeError. tuple list range TypeError Sequences compare lexicographically using comparison of corresponding elements. The built-in containers typically assume identical objects are equal to themselves. That lets them bypass equality tests for identical objects to improve performance and to maintain their internal invariants.