groupby() A comparison function is any callable that accepts two arguments, compares them, and returns a negative number for less-than, zero for equality, or a positive number for greater-than. A key function is a callable that accepts one argument and returns another value to be used as the sort key. Example: sorted(iterable, key=cmp_to_key(locale. strcoll)) # locale-aware sort order For sorting examples and a brief sorting tutorial, see Sorting Techniques. Added in version 3. 2. Decorator to wrap a function with a memoizing callable that saves up to the maxsize most recent calls. It can save time when an expensive or I/O bound function is periodically called with the same arguments. The cache is threadsafe so that the wrapped function can be used in multiple threads. This means that the underlying data structure will remain coherent during concurrent updates. It is possible for the wrapped function to be called more than once if another thread makes an additional call before the initial call has been completed and cached. Since a dictionary is used to cache results, the positional and keyword arguments to the function must be hashable. Distinct argument patterns may be considered to be distinct calls with separate cache entries. For example, f(a=1, b=2) and f(b=2, a=1) differ in their keyword argument order and may have two separate cache entries. f(a=1, b=2) f(b=2, a=1) If user_function is specified, it must be a callable. This allows the lru_cache decorator to be applied directly to a user function, leaving the maxsize at its default value of 128: @lru_cache def count_vowels(sentence): return sum(sentence. count(vowel) for vowel in 'AEIOUaeiou') If maxsize is set to None, the LRU feature is disabled and the cache can grow without bound. None If typed is set to true, function arguments of different types will be cached separately. If typed is false, the implementation will usually regard them as equivalent calls and only cache a single result. (Some types such as str and int may be cached separately even when typed is false. ) Note, type specificity applies only to the function’s immediate arguments rather than their contents. The scalar arguments, Decimal(42) and Fraction(42) are be treated as distinct calls with distinct results.