3: Before PEP 393, sys. maxunicode used to be either 0xFFFF or 0x10FFFF, depending on the configuration option that specified whether Unicode characters were stored as UCS-2 or UCS-4. sys. maxunicode 0xFFFF 0x10FFFF A list of meta path finder objects that have their find_spec() methods called to see if one of the objects can find the module to be imported. By default, it holds entries that implement Python’s default import semantics. The find_spec() method is called with at least the absolute name of the module being imported. If the module to be imported is contained in a package, then the parent package’s path attribute is passed in as a second argument. The method returns a module spec, or None if the module cannot be found. find_spec() find_spec() __path__ None See also importlib. abc. MetaPathFinder The abstract base class defining the interface of finder objects on meta_path. meta_path importlib. machinery. ModuleSpec The concrete class which find_spec() should return instances of. find_spec() Changed in version 3. 4: Module specs were introduced in Python 3. 4, by PEP 451. Changed in version 3. 12: Removed the fallback that looked for a find_module() method if a meta_path entry didn’t have a find_spec() method. find_module() meta_path find_spec() This is a dictionary that maps module names to modules which have already been loaded. This can be manipulated to force reloading of modules and other tricks. However, replacing the dictionary will not necessarily work as expected and deleting essential items from the dictionary may cause Python to fail. If you want to iterate over this global dictionary always use sys. modules. copy() or tuple(sys. modules) to avoid exceptions as its size may change during iteration as a side effect of code or activity in other threads. sys. modules. copy() tuple(sys. modules) The list of the original command line arguments passed to the Python executable. The elements of sys. orig_argv are the arguments to the Python interpreter, while the elements of sys. argv are the arguments to the user’s program. Arguments consumed by the interpreter itself will be present in sys. orig_argv and missing from sys. argv. sys. orig_argv sys. argv sys. orig_argv sys. argv Added in version 3. 10.