(3) 'E' 'E' Floating-point exponential format (uppercase). (3) 'f' 'f' Floating-point decimal format. (3) 'F' 'F' Floating-point decimal format. (3) 'g' 'g' Floating-point format. Uses lowercase exponential format if exponent is less than -4 or not less than precision, decimal format otherwise. (4) 'G' 'G' Floating-point format. Uses uppercase exponential format if exponent is less than -4 or not less than precision, decimal format otherwise. (4) 'c' 'c' Single character (accepts integer or single character string). 'r' 'r' String (converts any Python object using repr()). repr() (5) 's' 's' String (converts any Python object using str()). str() (5) 'a' 'a' String (converts any Python object using ascii()). ascii() (5) '%' '%' No argument is converted, results in a '%' character in the result. '%' Notes: The alternate form causes a leading octal specifier ('0o') to be inserted before the first digit. The alternate form causes a leading octal specifier ('0o') to be inserted before the first digit. '0o' The alternate form causes a leading '0x' or '0X' (depending on whether the 'x' or 'X' format was used) to be inserted before the first digit. The alternate form causes a leading '0x' or '0X' (depending on whether the 'x' or 'X' format was used) to be inserted before the first digit. '0x' '0X' 'x' 'X' The alternate form causes the result to always contain a decimal point, even if no digits follow it. The precision determines the number of digits after the decimal point and defaults to 6. The alternate form causes the result to always contain a decimal point, even if no digits follow it. The precision determines the number of digits after the decimal point and defaults to 6. The alternate form causes the result to always contain a decimal point, and trailing zeroes are not removed as they would otherwise be. The precision determines the number of significant digits before and after the decimal point and defaults to 6. The alternate form causes the result to always contain a decimal point, and trailing zeroes are not removed as they would otherwise be.