Availability: Unix, not WASI, not Android. Added in version 3. 2. Set the current process’s real, effective, and saved user ids. Availability: Unix, not WASI, not Android. Added in version 3. 2. Set the current process’s real and effective user ids. Availability: Unix, not WASI, not Android. Call the system call getsid(). See the Unix manual for the semantics. getsid() Availability: Unix, not WASI. Call the system call setsid(). See the Unix manual for the semantics. setsid() Availability: Unix, not WASI. Set the current process’s user id. Availability: Unix, not WASI, not Android. Return the error message corresponding to the error code in code. On platforms where strerror() returns NULL when given an unknown error number, ValueError is raised. strerror() NULL ValueError True if the native OS type of the environment is bytes (eg. False on Windows). True False Added in version 3. 2. Set the current numeric umask and return the previous umask. The function is a stub on WASI, see WebAssembly platforms for more information. Returns information identifying the current operating system. The return value is an object with five attributes: sysname - operating system name sysname - operating system name sysname nodename - name of machine on network (implementation-defined) nodename - name of machine on network (implementation-defined) nodename release - operating system release release - operating system release release version - operating system version version - operating system version version machine - hardware identifier machine - hardware identifier machine For backwards compatibility, this object is also iterable, behaving like a five-tuple containing sysname, nodename, release, version, and machine in that order. sysname nodename release version machine Some systems truncate nodename to 8 characters or to the leading component; a better way to get the hostname is socket. gethostname() or even socket. gethostbyaddr(socket. gethostname()). nodename socket. gethostname() socket. gethostbyaddr(socket. gethostname()) On macOS, iOS and Android, this returns the kernel name and version (i. e. , 'Darwin' on macOS and iOS; 'Linux' on Android). platform. uname() can be used to get the user-facing operating system name and version on iOS and Android. 'Darwin' 'Linux' platform. uname() Availability: Unix.