'n' None float() The available presentation types for float and Decimal values are: float Decimal Type Meaning 'e' 'e' Scientific notation. For a given precision p, formats the number in scientific notation with the letter ‘e’ separating the coefficient from the exponent. The coefficient has one digit before and p digits after the decimal point, for a total of p + 1 significant digits. With no precision given, uses a precision of 6 digits after the decimal point for float, and shows all coefficient digits for Decimal. If p=0, the decimal point is omitted unless the # option is used. p p p + 1 6 float Decimal p=0 # 'E' 'E' Scientific notation. Same as 'e' except it uses an upper case ‘E’ as the separator character. 'e' 'f' 'f' Fixed-point notation. For a given precision p, formats the number as a decimal number with exactly p digits following the decimal point. With no precision given, uses a precision of 6 digits after the decimal point for float, and uses a precision large enough to show all coefficient digits for Decimal. If p=0, the decimal point is omitted unless the # option is used. p p 6 float Decimal p=0 # 'F' 'F' Fixed-point notation. Same as 'f', but converts nan to NAN and inf to INF. 'f' nan NAN inf INF 'g' 'g' General format. For a given precision p >= 1, this rounds the number to p significant digits and then formats the result in either fixed-point format or in scientific notation, depending on its magnitude. A precision of 0 is treated as equivalent to a precision of 1. p >= 1 p 0 1 The precise rules are as follows: suppose that the result formatted with presentation type 'e' and precision p-1 would have exponent exp. Then, if m <= exp < p, where m is -4 for floats and -6 for Decimals, the number is formatted with presentation type 'f' and precision p-1-exp. Otherwise, the number is formatted with presentation type 'e' and precision p-1. In both cases insignificant trailing zeros are removed from the significand, and the decimal point is also removed if there are no remaining digits following it, unless the '#' option is used.