4: Added algorithm, hash_bits and seed_bits The version number encoded as a single integer. This is guaranteed to increase with each version, including proper support for non-production releases. For example, to test that the Python interpreter is at least version 1. 5. 2, use: if sys. hexversion >= 0x010502F0: # use some advanced feature. else: # use an alternative implementation or warn the user. This is called hexversion since it only really looks meaningful when viewed as the result of passing it to the built-in hex() function. The named tuple sys. version_info may be used for a more human-friendly encoding of the same information. hexversion hex() sys. version_info More details of hexversion can be found at API and ABI Versioning. hexversion An object containing information about the implementation of the currently running Python interpreter. The following attributes are required to exist in all Python implementations. name is the implementation’s identifier, e. g. 'cpython'. The actual string is defined by the Python implementation, but it is guaranteed to be lower case. 'cpython' version is a named tuple, in the same format as sys. version_info. It represents the version of the Python implementation. This has a distinct meaning from the specific version of the Python language to which the currently running interpreter conforms, which sys. version_info represents. For example, for PyPy 1. 8 sys. implementation. version might be sys. version_info(1, 8, 0, 'final', 0), whereas sys. version_info would be sys. version_info(2, 7, 2, 'final', 0). For CPython they are the same value, since it is the reference implementation. sys. version_info sys. version_info sys. implementation. version sys. version_info(1, 8, 0, 'final', 0) sys. version_info sys. version_info(2, 7, 2, 'final', 0) hexversion is the implementation version in hexadecimal format, like sys. hexversion. sys. hexversion cache_tag is the tag used by the import machinery in the filenames of cached modules. By convention, it would be a composite of the implementation’s name and version, like 'cpython-33'. However, a Python implementation may use some other value if appropriate.