_ repr(value) sys. stdout. encoding sys. stdout. errors 'strict' sys. stdout. encoding 'backslashreplace' sys. displayhook is called on the result of evaluating an expression entered in an interactive Python session. The display of these values can be customized by assigning another one-argument function to sys. displayhook. sys. displayhook sys. displayhook Pseudo-code: def displayhook(value): if value is None: return # Set '_' to None to avoid recursion builtins. _ = None text = repr(value) try: sys. stdout. write(text) except UnicodeEncodeError: bytes = text. encode(sys. stdout. encoding, 'backslashreplace') if hasattr(sys. stdout, 'buffer'): sys. stdout. buffer. write(bytes) else: text = bytes. decode(sys. stdout. encoding, 'strict') sys. stdout. write(text) sys. stdout. write("\n") builtins. _ = value Changed in version 3. 2: Use 'backslashreplace' error handler on UnicodeEncodeError. 'backslashreplace' UnicodeEncodeError If this is true, Python won’t try to write. pyc files on the import of source modules. This value is initially set to True or False depending on the -B command line option and the PYTHONDONTWRITEBYTECODE environment variable, but you can set it yourself to control bytecode file generation. pyc True False -B PYTHONDONTWRITEBYTECODE A named tuple holding information about the environment on the wasm32-emscripten platform. The named tuple is provisional and may change in the future. Emscripten version as tuple of ints (major, minor, micro), e. g. (3, 1, 8). (3, 1, 8) Runtime string, e. g. browser user agent, 'Node. js v14. 18. 2', or 'UNKNOWN'. 'Node. js v14. 18. 2' 'UNKNOWN' True if Python is compiled with Emscripten pthreads support. True True if Python is compiled with shared memory support. True Availability: Emscripten. Added in version 3. 11. If this is set (not None), Python will write bytecode-cache. pyc files to (and read them from) a parallel directory tree rooted at this directory, rather than from pycache directories in the source code tree.