sendfile() socket. socket. sendfile() Added in version 3. 3. Changed in version 3. 9: Parameters out and in was renamed to out_fd and in_fd. Parameters to the sendfile() function, if the implementation supports them. sendfile() Availability: Unix, not WASI. Added in version 3. 3. Parameter to the sendfile() function, if the implementation supports it. The data won’t be cached in the virtual memory and will be freed afterwards. sendfile() Availability: Unix, not WASI. Added in version 3. 11. Set the blocking mode of the specified file descriptor. Set the O_NONBLOCK flag if blocking is False, clear the flag otherwise. O_NONBLOCK False See also get_blocking() and socket. socket. setblocking(). get_blocking() socket. socket. setblocking() Availability: Unix, Windows. The function is limited on WASI, see WebAssembly platforms for more information. On Windows, this function is limited to pipes. Added in version 3. 5. Changed in version 3. 12: Added support for pipes on Windows. Transfer count bytes from file descriptor src, starting from offset offset_src, to file descriptor dst, starting from offset offset_dst. At least one of the file descriptors must refer to a pipe. If offset_src is None, then src is read from the current position; respectively for offset_dst. The offset associated to the file descriptor that refers to a pipe must be None. The files pointed to by src and dst must reside in the same filesystem, otherwise an OSError is raised with errno set to errno. EXDEV. None None OSError errno errno. EXDEV This copy is done without the additional cost of transferring data from the kernel to user space and then back into the kernel. Additionally, some filesystems could implement extra optimizations. The copy is done as if both files are opened as binary. Upon successful completion, returns the number of bytes spliced to or from the pipe. A return value of 0 means end of input. If src refers to a pipe, then this means that there was no data to transfer, and it would not make sense to block because there are no writers connected to the write end of the pipe. Availability: Linux >= 2. 6. 17 with glibc >= 2. 5 Added in version 3. 10. Added in version 3. 10.