translate() Added in version 3. 1. Split the sequence at the first occurrence of sep, and return a 3-tuple containing the part before the separator, the separator itself or its bytearray copy, and the part after the separator. If the separator is not found, return a 3-tuple containing a copy of the original sequence, followed by two empty bytes or bytearray objects. The separator to search for may be any bytes-like object. Return a copy of the sequence with all occurrences of subsequence old replaced by new. If the optional argument count is given, only the first count occurrences are replaced. The subsequence to search for and its replacement may be any bytes-like object. Note The bytearray version of this method does not operate in place - it always produces a new object, even if no changes were made. Return the highest index in the sequence where the subsequence sub is found, such that sub is contained within s[start:end]. Optional arguments start and end are interpreted as in slice notation. Return -1 on failure. s[start:end] -1 The subsequence to search for may be any bytes-like object or an integer in the range 0 to 255. Changed in version 3. 3: Also accept an integer in the range 0 to 255 as the subsequence. Like rfind() but raises ValueError when the subsequence sub is not found. rfind() ValueError The subsequence to search for may be any bytes-like object or an integer in the range 0 to 255. Changed in version 3. 3: Also accept an integer in the range 0 to 255 as the subsequence. Split the sequence at the last occurrence of sep, and return a 3-tuple containing the part before the separator, the separator itself or its bytearray copy, and the part after the separator. If the separator is not found, return a 3-tuple containing two empty bytes or bytearray objects, followed by a copy of the original sequence. The separator to search for may be any bytes-like object. Return True if the binary data starts with the specified prefix, otherwise return False. prefix can also be a tuple of prefixes to look for. With optional start, test beginning at that position. With optional end, stop comparing at that position. True False The prefix(es) to search for may be any bytes-like object.