The following list describes the comparison behavior of the most important built-in types. Numbers of built-in numeric types (Numeric Types — int, float, complex) and of the standard library types fractions. Fraction and decimal. Decimal can be compared within and across their types, with the restriction that complex numbers do not support order comparison. Within the limits of the types involved, they compare mathematically (algorithmically) correct without loss of precision. The not-a-number values float('NaN') and decimal. Decimal('NaN') are special. Any ordered comparison of a number to a not-a-number value is false. A counter-intuitive implication is that not-a-number values are not equal to themselves. For example, if x = float('NaN'), 3 < x, x < 3 and x == x are all false, while x. = x is true. This behavior is compliant with IEEE 754. Numbers of built-in numeric types (Numeric Types — int, float, complex) and of the standard library types fractions. Fraction and decimal. Decimal can be compared within and across their types, with the restriction that complex numbers do not support order comparison. Within the limits of the types involved, they compare mathematically (algorithmically) correct without loss of precision. fractions. Fraction decimal. Decimal The not-a-number values float('NaN') and decimal. Decimal('NaN') are special. Any ordered comparison of a number to a not-a-number value is false. A counter-intuitive implication is that not-a-number values are not equal to themselves. For example, if x = float('NaN'), 3 < x, x < 3 and x == x are all false, while x. = x is true. This behavior is compliant with IEEE 754. float('NaN') decimal. Decimal('NaN') x = float('NaN') 3 < x x < 3 x == x x. = x None and NotImplemented are singletons. PEP 8 advises that comparisons for singletons should always be done with is or is not, never the equality operators. None and NotImplemented are singletons. PEP 8 advises that comparisons for singletons should always be done with is or is not, never the equality operators. None NotImplemented is is not Binary sequences (instances of bytes or bytearray) can be compared within and across their types. They compare lexicographically using the numeric values of their elements.