2 (VER_NT_DOMAIN_CONTROLLER) 2 The system is a domain controller. 3 (VER_NT_SERVER) 3 The system is a server, but not a domain controller. This function wraps the Win32 GetVersionEx() function; see the Microsoft documentation on OSVERSIONINFOEX() for more information about these fields. GetVersionEx() OSVERSIONINFOEX() platform_version returns the major version, minor version and build number of the current operating system, rather than the version that is being emulated for the process. It is intended for use in logging rather than for feature detection. Note platform_version derives the version from kernel32. dll which can be of a different version than the OS version. Please use platform module for achieving accurate OS version. platform Availability: Windows. Changed in version 3. 2: Changed to a named tuple and added service_pack_minor, service_pack_major, suite_mask, and product_type. Changed in version 3. 6: Added platform_version Returns an asyncgen_hooks object, which is similar to a namedtuple of the form (firstiter, finalizer), where firstiter and finalizer are expected to be either None or functions which take an asynchronous generator iterator as an argument, and are used to schedule finalization of an asynchronous generator by an event loop. namedtuple (firstiter, finalizer) None Added in version 3. 6: See PEP 525 for more details. Note This function has been added on a provisional basis (see PEP 411 for details. ) Get the current coroutine origin tracking depth, as set by set_coroutine_origin_tracking_depth(). set_coroutine_origin_tracking_depth() Added in version 3. 7. Note This function has been added on a provisional basis (see PEP 411 for details. ) Use it only for debugging purposes. A named tuple giving parameters of the numeric hash implementation. For more details about hashing of numeric types, see Hashing of numeric types. The width in bits used for hash values The prime modulus P used for numeric hash scheme The hash value returned for a positive infinity (This attribute is no longer used) The multiplier used for the imaginary part of a complex number The name of the algorithm for hashing of str, bytes, and memoryview The internal output size of the hash algorithm The size of the seed key of the hash algorithm Added in version 3. 2. Changed in version 3.