tzinfo timezone datetime timezone ## Constants¶ The datetime module exports the following constants: datetime The smallest year number allowed in a date or datetime object. MINYEAR is 1. date datetime MINYEAR The largest year number allowed in a date or datetime object. MAXYEAR is 9999. date datetime MAXYEAR Alias for the UTC time zone singleton datetime. timezone. utc. datetime. timezone. utc Added in version 3. 11. ## Available Types¶ An idealized naive date, assuming the current Gregorian calendar always was, and always will be, in effect. Attributes: year, month, and day. year month day An idealized time, independent of any particular day, assuming that every day has exactly 246060 seconds. (There is no notion of “leap seconds” here. ) Attributes: hour, minute, second, microsecond, and tzinfo. hour minute second microsecond tzinfo A combination of a date and a time. Attributes: year, month, day, hour, minute, second, microsecond, and tzinfo. year month day hour minute second microsecond tzinfo A duration expressing the difference between two datetime or date instances to microsecond resolution. datetime date An abstract base class for time zone information objects. These are used by the datetime and time classes to provide a customizable notion of time adjustment (for example, to account for time zone and/or daylight saving time). datetime time A class that implements the tzinfo abstract base class as a fixed offset from the UTC. tzinfo Added in version 3. 2. Objects of these types are immutable. Subclass relationships: object timedelta tzinfo timezone time date datetime ### Common Properties¶ The date, datetime, time, and timezone types share these common features: date datetime time timezone Objects of these types are immutable. Objects of these types are immutable. Objects of these types are hashable, meaning that they can be used as dictionary keys. Objects of these types are hashable, meaning that they can be used as dictionary keys. Objects of these types support efficient pickling via the pickle module. Objects of these types support efficient pickling via the pickle module. pickle ### Determining if an Object is Aware or Naive¶ Objects of the date type are always naive. date An object of type time or datetime may be aware or naive. time datetime A datetime object d is aware if both of the following hold: datetime d d. tzinfo is not None d.