For example, compiling f’Bad {a b} field’ results in this args attribute: (‘f-string: …’, (‘’, 1, 2, ‘(a b)n’, 1, 5)). Changed in version 3. 10: Added the end_lineno and end_offset attributes. end_lineno end_offset Base class for syntax errors related to incorrect indentation. This is a subclass of SyntaxError. SyntaxError Raised when indentation contains an inconsistent use of tabs and spaces. This is a subclass of IndentationError. IndentationError Raised when the interpreter finds an internal error, but the situation does not look so serious to cause it to abandon all hope. The associated value is a string indicating what went wrong (in low-level terms). In CPython, this could be raised by incorrectly using Python’s C API, such as returning a NULL value without an exception set. NULL If you’re confident that this exception wasn’t your fault, or the fault of a package you’re using, you should report this to the author or maintainer of your Python interpreter. Be sure to report the version of the Python interpreter (sys. version; it is also printed at the start of an interactive Python session), the exact error message (the exception’s associated value) and if possible the source of the program that triggered the error. sys. version This exception is raised by the sys. exit() function. It inherits from BaseException instead of Exception so that it is not accidentally caught by code that catches Exception. This allows the exception to properly propagate up and cause the interpreter to exit. When it is not handled, the Python interpreter exits; no stack traceback is printed. The constructor accepts the same optional argument passed to sys. exit(). If the value is an integer, it specifies the system exit status (passed to C’s exit() function); if it is None, the exit status is zero; if it has another type (such as a string), the object’s value is printed and the exit status is one. sys. exit() BaseException Exception Exception sys. exit() exit() None A call to sys. exit() is translated into an exception so that clean-up handlers (finally clauses of try statements) can be executed, and so that a debugger can execute a script without running the risk of losing control. The os.