Note JSON is a subset of YAML 1. 2. The JSON produced by this module’s default settings (in particular, the default separators value) is also a subset of YAML 1. 0 and 1. 1. This module can thus also be used as a YAML serializer. Note This module’s encoders and decoders preserve input and output order by default. Order is only lost if the underlying containers are unordered. ## Basic Usage¶ Serialize obj as a JSON formatted stream to fp (a. write()-supporting file-like object) using this Python-to-JSON conversion table. write() Note Unlike pickle and marshal, JSON is not a framed protocol, so trying to serialize multiple objects with repeated calls to dump() using the same fp will result in an invalid JSON file. pickle marshal dump() obj (object) – The Python object to be serialized. obj (object) – The Python object to be serialized. fp (file-like object) – The file-like object obj will be serialized to. The json module always produces str objects, not bytes objects, therefore fp. write() must support str input. fp (file-like object) – The file-like object obj will be serialized to. The json module always produces str objects, not bytes objects, therefore fp. write() must support str input. json str bytes fp. write() str skipkeys (bool) – If True, keys that are not of a basic type (str, int, float, bool, None) will be skipped instead of raising a TypeError. Default False. skipkeys (bool) – If True, keys that are not of a basic type (str, int, float, bool, None) will be skipped instead of raising a TypeError. Default False. True str int float bool None TypeError False ensure_ascii (bool) – If True (the default), the output is guaranteed to have all incoming non-ASCII characters escaped. If False, these characters will be outputted as-is. ensure_ascii (bool) – If True (the default), the output is guaranteed to have all incoming non-ASCII characters escaped. If False, these characters will be outputted as-is. True False check_circular (bool) – If False, the circular reference check for container types is skipped and a circular reference will result in a RecursionError (or worse). Default True.