strftime(fmt) acts like the time module’s time. strftime(fmt, d. timetuple()) although not all objects support a timetuple() method. d. strftime(fmt) time time. strftime(fmt, d. timetuple()) timetuple() For the datetime. strptime() class method, the default value is 1900-01-01T00:00:00. 000: any components not specified in the format string will be pulled from the default value. [4] datetime. strptime() 1900-01-01T00:00:00. 000 Using datetime. strptime(date_string, format) is equivalent to: datetime. strptime(date_string, format) datetime(*(time. strptime(date_string, format)[0:6])) except when the format includes sub-second components or time zone offset information, which are supported in datetime. strptime but are discarded by time. strptime. datetime. strptime time. strptime For time objects, the format codes for year, month, and day should not be used, as time objects have no such values. If they’re used anyway, 1900 is substituted for the year, and 1 for the month and day. time time For date objects, the format codes for hours, minutes, seconds, and microseconds should not be used, as date objects have no such values. If they’re used anyway, 0 is substituted for them. date date For the same reason, handling of format strings containing Unicode code points that can’t be represented in the charset of the current locale is also platform-dependent. On some platforms such code points are preserved intact in the output, while on others strftime may raise UnicodeError or return an empty string instead. strftime UnicodeError Notes: Because the format depends on the current locale, care should be taken when making assumptions about the output value. Field orderings will vary (for example, “month/day/year” versus “day/month/year”), and the output may contain non-ASCII characters. Because the format depends on the current locale, care should be taken when making assumptions about the output value. Field orderings will vary (for example, “month/day/year” versus “day/month/year”), and the output may contain non-ASCII characters. The strptime() method can parse years in the full [1, 9999] range, but years < 1000 must be zero-filled to 4-digit width.