echo. It must be referenced with its full name. sound. effects. echo sound. effects. echo. echofilter(input, output, delay=0. 7, atten=4) An alternative way of importing the submodule is: from sound. effects import echo This also loads the submodule echo, and makes it available without its package prefix, so it can be used as follows: echo echo. echofilter(input, output, delay=0. 7, atten=4) Yet another variation is to import the desired function or variable directly: from sound. effects. echo import echofilter Again, this loads the submodule echo, but this makes its function echofilter() directly available: echo echofilter() echofilter(input, output, delay=0. 7, atten=4) Note that when using from package import item, the item can be either a submodule (or subpackage) of the package, or some other name defined in the package, like a function, class or variable. The import statement first tests whether the item is defined in the package; if not, it assumes it is a module and attempts to load it. If it fails to find it, an ImportError exception is raised. from package import item import ImportError Contrarily, when using syntax like import item. subitem. subsubitem, each item except for the last must be a package; the last item can be a module or a package but can’t be a class or function or variable defined in the previous item. import item. subitem. subsubitem ### 6. 4. 1. Importing * From a Package¶ Now what happens when the user writes from sound. effects import. Ideally, one would hope that this somehow goes out to the filesystem, finds which submodules are present in the package, and imports them all. This could take a long time and importing sub-modules might have unwanted side-effects that should only happen when the sub-module is explicitly imported. from sound. effects import * The only solution is for the package author to provide an explicit index of the package. The import statement uses the following convention: if a package’s init. py code defines a list named all, it is taken to be the list of module names that should be imported when from package import * is encountered. It is up to the package author to keep this list up-to-date when a new version of the package is released.