If the named attribute does not exist, default is returned if provided, otherwise AttributeError is raised. name need not be a Python identifier (see setattr()). getattr(x, 'foobar') x. foobar AttributeError setattr() Note Since private name mangling happens at compilation time, one must manually mangle a private attribute’s (attributes with two leading underscores) name in order to retrieve it with getattr(). getattr() Return the dictionary implementing the current module namespace. For code within functions, this is set when the function is defined and remains the same regardless of where the function is called. The arguments are an object and a string. The result is True if the string is the name of one of the object’s attributes, False if not. (This is implemented by calling getattr(object, name) and seeing whether it raises an AttributeError or not. ) True False getattr(object, name) AttributeError Return the hash value of the object (if it has one). Hash values are integers. They are used to quickly compare dictionary keys during a dictionary lookup. Numeric values that compare equal have the same hash value (even if they are of different types, as is the case for 1 and 1. 0). Note For objects with custom hash() methods, note that hash() truncates the return value based on the bit width of the host machine. __hash__() hash() Invoke the built-in help system. (This function is intended for interactive use. ) If no argument is given, the interactive help system starts on the interpreter console. If the argument is a string, then the string is looked up as the name of a module, function, class, method, keyword, or documentation topic, and a help page is printed on the console. If the argument is any other kind of object, a help page on the object is generated. Note that if a slash(/) appears in the parameter list of a function when invoking help(), it means that the parameters prior to the slash are positional-only. For more info, see the FAQ entry on positional-only parameters. help() This function is added to the built-in namespace by the site module. site Changed in version 3. 4: Changes to pydoc and inspect mean that the reported signatures for callables are now more comprehensive and consistent. pydoc inspect Convert an integer number to a lowercase hexadecimal string prefixed with “0x”. If x is not a Python int object, it has to define an index() method that returns an integer.