The interpreter’s own prompts and its error messages go to stderr. stderr These streams are regular text files like those returned by the open() function. Their parameters are chosen as follows: open() The encoding and error handling are is initialized from PyConfig. stdio_encoding and PyConfig. stdio_errors. On Windows, UTF-8 is used for the console device. Non-character devices such as disk files and pipes use the system locale encoding (i. e. the ANSI codepage). Non-console character devices such as NUL (i. e. where isatty() returns True) use the value of the console input and output codepages at startup, respectively for stdin and stdout/stderr. This defaults to the system locale encoding if the process is not initially attached to a console. The special behaviour of the console can be overridden by setting the environment variable PYTHONLEGACYWINDOWSSTDIO before starting Python. In that case, the console codepages are used as for any other character device. Under all platforms, you can override the character encoding by setting the PYTHONIOENCODING environment variable before starting Python or by using the new -X utf8 command line option and PYTHONUTF8 environment variable. However, for the Windows console, this only applies when PYTHONLEGACYWINDOWSSTDIO is also set. The encoding and error handling are is initialized from PyConfig. stdio_encoding and PyConfig. stdio_errors. PyConfig. stdio_encoding PyConfig. stdio_errors On Windows, UTF-8 is used for the console device. Non-character devices such as disk files and pipes use the system locale encoding (i. e. the ANSI codepage). Non-console character devices such as NUL (i. e. where isatty() returns True) use the value of the console input and output codepages at startup, respectively for stdin and stdout/stderr. This defaults to the system locale encoding if the process is not initially attached to a console. isatty() True The special behaviour of the console can be overridden by setting the environment variable PYTHONLEGACYWINDOWSSTDIO before starting Python. In that case, the console codepages are used as for any other character device. Under all platforms, you can override the character encoding by setting the PYTHONIOENCODING environment variable before starting Python or by using the new -X utf8 command line option and PYTHONUTF8 environment variable.