putenv() will be called automatically when the mapping is modified. putenv() On Unix, keys and values use sys. getfilesystemencoding() and 'surrogateescape' error handler. Use environb if you would like to use a different encoding. sys. getfilesystemencoding() 'surrogateescape' environb On Windows, the keys are converted to uppercase. This also applies when getting, setting, or deleting an item. For example, environ['monty'] = 'python' maps the key 'MONTY' to the value 'python'. environ['monty'] = 'python' 'MONTY' 'python' Note Calling putenv() directly does not change os. environ, so it’s better to modify os. environ. putenv() os. environ os. environ Note On some platforms, including FreeBSD and macOS, setting environ may cause memory leaks. Refer to the system documentation for putenv(). environ putenv() You can delete items in this mapping to unset environment variables. unsetenv() will be called automatically when an item is deleted from os. environ, and when one of the pop() or clear() methods is called. unsetenv() os. environ pop() clear() Changed in version 3. 9: Updated to support PEP 584’s merge (|) and update (|=) operators. | |= Bytes version of environ: a mapping object where both keys and values are bytes objects representing the process environment. environ and environb are synchronized (modifying environb updates environ, and vice versa). environ bytes environ environb environb environ environb is only available if supports_bytes_environ is True. environb supports_bytes_environ True Added in version 3. 2. Changed in version 3. 9: Updated to support PEP 584’s merge (|) and update (|=) operators. | |= These functions are described in Files and Directories. Encode path-like filename to the filesystem encoding and error handler; return bytes unchanged. bytes fsdecode() is the reverse function. fsdecode() Added in version 3. 2. Changed in version 3. 6: Support added to accept objects implementing the os. PathLike interface. os. PathLike Decode the path-like filename from the filesystem encoding and error handler; return str unchanged. str fsencode() is the reverse function. fsencode() Added in version 3. 2. Changed in version 3.