See sched_yield(2) for details. Restrict the process with PID pid (or the current process if zero) to a set of CPUs. mask is an iterable of integers representing the set of CPUs to which the process should be restricted. Return the set of CPUs the process with PID pid is restricted to. If pid is zero, return the set of CPUs the calling thread of the current process is restricted to. See also the process_cpu_count() function. process_cpu_count() ## Miscellaneous System Information¶ Return string-valued system configuration values. name specifies the configuration value to retrieve; it may be a string which is the name of a defined system value; these names are specified in a number of standards (POSIX, Unix 95, Unix 98, and others). Some platforms define additional names as well. The names known to the host operating system are given as the keys of the confstr_names dictionary. For configuration variables not included in that mapping, passing an integer for name is also accepted. confstr_names If the configuration value specified by name isn’t defined, None is returned. None If name is a string and is not known, ValueError is raised. If a specific value for name is not supported by the host system, even if it is included in confstr_names, an OSError is raised with errno. EINVAL for the error number. ValueError confstr_names OSError errno. EINVAL Availability: Unix. Dictionary mapping names accepted by confstr() to the integer values defined for those names by the host operating system. This can be used to determine the set of names known to the system. confstr() Availability: Unix. Return the number of logical CPUs in the system. Returns None if undetermined. None The process_cpu_count() function can be used to get the number of logical CPUs usable by the calling thread of the current process. process_cpu_count() Added in version 3. 4. Changed in version 3. 13: If -X cpu_count is given or PYTHON_CPU_COUNT is set, cpu_count() returns the overridden value n. -X cpu_count PYTHON_CPU_COUNT cpu_count() Return the number of processes in the system run queue averaged over the last 1, 5, and 15 minutes or raises OSError if the load average was unobtainable. OSError Availability: Unix. Get the number of logical CPUs usable by the calling thread of the current process. Returns None if undetermined.