If times is None and ns is unspecified, this is equivalent to specifying ns=(atime_ns, mtime_ns) where both times are the current time. None ns=(atime_ns, mtime_ns) It is an error to specify tuples for both times and ns. Note that the exact times you set here may not be returned by a subsequent stat() call, depending on the resolution with which your operating system records access and modification times; see stat(). The best way to preserve exact times is to use the st_atime_ns and st_mtime_ns fields from the os. stat() result object with the ns parameter to utime(). stat() stat() os. stat() utime() This function can support specifying a file descriptor, paths relative to directory descriptors and not following symlinks. Raises an auditing event os. utime with arguments path, times, ns, dir_fd. os. utime path times ns dir_fd Changed in version 3. 3: Added support for specifying path as an open file descriptor, and the dir_fd, follow_symlinks, and ns parameters. Changed in version 3. 6: Accepts a path-like object. Generate the file names in a directory tree by walking the tree either top-down or bottom-up. For each directory in the tree rooted at directory top (including top itself), it yields a 3-tuple (dirpath, dirnames, filenames). (dirpath, dirnames, filenames) dirpath is a string, the path to the directory. dirnames is a list of the names of the subdirectories in dirpath (including symlinks to directories, and excluding '. ' and '. '). filenames is a list of the names of the non-directory files in dirpath. Note that the names in the lists contain no path components. To get a full path (which begins with top) to a file or directory in dirpath, do os. path. join(dirpath, name). Whether or not the lists are sorted depends on the file system. If a file is removed from or added to the dirpath directory during generating the lists, whether a name for that file be included is unspecified. '. ' '. ' os. path. join(dirpath, name) If optional argument topdown is True or not specified, the triple for a directory is generated before the triples for any of its subdirectories (directories are generated top-down).