This flag is meaningful only for os. pwritev(), and its effect applies only to the data range written by the system call. The offset argument does not affect the write operation; the data is always appended to the end of the file. However, if the offset argument is -1, the current file offset is updated. O_APPEND os. open() os. pwritev() -1 Availability: Linux >= 4. 16. Added in version 3. 10. Read at most n bytes from file descriptor fd. Return a bytestring containing the bytes read. If the end of the file referred to by fd has been reached, an empty bytes object is returned. Note This function is intended for low-level I/O and must be applied to a file descriptor as returned by os. open() or pipe(). To read a “file object” returned by the built-in function open() or by popen() or fdopen(), or sys. stdin, use its read() or readline() methods. os. open() pipe() open() popen() fdopen() sys. stdin read() readline() Changed in version 3. 5: If the system call is interrupted and the signal handler does not raise an exception, the function now retries the system call instead of raising an InterruptedError exception (see PEP 475 for the rationale). InterruptedError Copy count bytes from file descriptor in_fd to file descriptor out_fd starting at offset. Return the number of bytes sent. When EOF is reached return 0. 0 The first function notation is supported by all platforms that define sendfile(). sendfile() On Linux, if offset is given as None, the bytes are read from the current position of in_fd and the position of in_fd is updated. None The second case may be used on macOS and FreeBSD where headers and trailers are arbitrary sequences of buffers that are written before and after the data from in_fd is written. It returns the same as the first case. On macOS and FreeBSD, a value of 0 for count specifies to send until the end of in_fd is reached. 0 All platforms support sockets as out_fd file descriptor, and some platforms allow other types (e. g. regular file, pipe) as well. Cross-platform applications should not use headers, trailers and flags arguments. Availability: Unix, not WASI. Note For a higher-level wrapper of sendfile(), see socket. socket. sendfile().