Relative paths must include at least one slash, even on Windows, as plain names will not be resolved. execlp() execlpe() execvp() execvpe() PATH exec*e PATH execl() execle() execv() execve() PATH For execle(), execlpe(), execve(), and execvpe() (note that these all end in “e”), the env parameter must be a mapping which is used to define the environment variables for the new process (these are used instead of the current process’ environment); the functions execl(), execlp(), execv(), and execvp() all cause the new process to inherit the environment of the current process. execle() execlpe() execve() execvpe() execl() execlp() execv() execvp() For execve() on some platforms, path may also be specified as an open file descriptor. This functionality may not be supported on your platform; you can check whether or not it is available using os. supports_fd. If it is unavailable, using it will raise a NotImplementedError. execve() os. supports_fd NotImplementedError Raises an auditing event os. exec with arguments path, args, env. os. exec path args env Availability: Unix, Windows, not WASI, not Android, not iOS. Changed in version 3. 3: Added support for specifying path as an open file descriptor for execve(). execve() Changed in version 3. 6: Accepts a path-like object. Exit the process with status n, without calling cleanup handlers, flushing stdio buffers, etc. Note The standard way to exit is sys. exit(n). _exit() should normally only be used in the child process after a fork(). sys. exit(n) _exit() fork() The following exit codes are defined and can be used with _exit(), although they are not required. These are typically used for system programs written in Python, such as a mail server’s external command delivery program. _exit() Note Some of these may not be available on all Unix platforms, since there is some variation. These constants are defined where they are defined by the underlying platform. Exit code that means no error occurred. May be taken from the defined value of EXIT_SUCCESS on some platforms. Generally has a value of zero. EXIT_SUCCESS Availability: Unix, Windows.