If the iterable is empty and default is not provided, a ValueError is raised. list. sort() ValueError If multiple items are maximal, the function returns the first one encountered. This is consistent with other sort-stability preserving tools such as sorted(iterable, key=keyfunc, reverse=True)[0] and heapq. nlargest(1, iterable, key=keyfunc). sorted(iterable, key=keyfunc, reverse=True)[0] heapq. nlargest(1, iterable, key=keyfunc) Changed in version 3. 4: Added the default keyword-only parameter. Changed in version 3. 8: The key can be None. None Return a “memory view” object created from the given argument. See Memory Views for more information. Return the smallest item in an iterable or the smallest of two or more arguments. If one positional argument is provided, it should be an iterable. The smallest item in the iterable is returned. If two or more positional arguments are provided, the smallest of the positional arguments is returned. There are two optional keyword-only arguments. The key argument specifies a one-argument ordering function like that used for list. sort(). The default argument specifies an object to return if the provided iterable is empty. If the iterable is empty and default is not provided, a ValueError is raised. list. sort() ValueError If multiple items are minimal, the function returns the first one encountered. This is consistent with other sort-stability preserving tools such as sorted(iterable, key=keyfunc)[0] and heapq. nsmallest(1, iterable, key=keyfunc). sorted(iterable, key=keyfunc)[0] heapq. nsmallest(1, iterable, key=keyfunc) Changed in version 3. 4: Added the default keyword-only parameter. Changed in version 3. 8: The key can be None. None Retrieve the next item from the iterator by calling its next() method. If default is given, it is returned if the iterator is exhausted, otherwise StopIteration is raised. __next__() StopIteration This is the ultimate base class of all other classes. It has methods that are common to all instances of Python classes. When the constructor is called, it returns a new featureless object. The constructor does not accept any arguments. Note object instances do not have dict attributes, so you can’t assign arbitrary attributes to an instance of object.