13. What Now. 13. 5 Source:  13. What Now. ¶ Reading this tutorial has probably reinforced your interest in using Python — you should be eager to apply Python to solving your real-world problems. Where should you go to learn more. This tutorial is part of Python’s documentation set. Some other documents in the set are: The Python Standard Library: You should browse through this manual, which gives complete (though terse) reference material about types, functions, and the modules in the standard library. The standard Python distribution includes a lot of additional code. There are modules to read Unix mailboxes, retrieve documents via HTTP, generate random numbers, parse command-line options, compress data, and many other tasks. Skimming through the Library Reference will give you an idea of what’s available. The Python Standard Library: You should browse through this manual, which gives complete (though terse) reference material about types, functions, and the modules in the standard library. The standard Python distribution includes a lot of additional code. There are modules to read Unix mailboxes, retrieve documents via HTTP, generate random numbers, parse command-line options, compress data, and many other tasks. Skimming through the Library Reference will give you an idea of what’s available. Installing Python Modules explains how to install additional modules written by other Python users. Installing Python Modules explains how to install additional modules written by other Python users. The Python Language Reference: A detailed explanation of Python’s syntax and semantics. It’s heavy reading, but is useful as a complete guide to the language itself. The Python Language Reference: A detailed explanation of Python’s syntax and semantics. It’s heavy reading, but is useful as a complete guide to the language itself. More Python resources:  The major Python web site. It contains code, documentation, and pointers to Python-related pages around the web. The major Python web site. It contains code, documentation, and pointers to Python-related pages around the web. Fast access to Python’s documentation. Fast access to Python’s documentation. The Python Package Index, previously also nicknamed the Cheese Shop [1], is an index of user-created Python modules that are available for download. Once you begin releasing code, you can register it here so that others can find it. The Python Package Index, previously also nicknamed the Cheese Shop [1], is an index of user-created Python modules that are available for download.