False This method normally follows symlinks; to exclude symlinks to directories, add the argument follow_symlinks=False. follow_symlinks=False Changed in version 3. 13: The follow_symlinks parameter was added. Return True if the path points to a symbolic link, False otherwise. True False False is also returned if the path doesn’t exist; other errors (such as permission errors) are propagated. False Return True if the path points to a junction, and False for any other type of file. Currently only Windows supports junctions. True False Added in version 3. 12. Return True if the path is a mount point: a point in a file system where a different file system has been mounted. On POSIX, the function checks whether path’s parent, path/. , is on a different device than path, or whether path/. and path point to the same i-node on the same device — this should detect mount points for all Unix and POSIX variants. On Windows, a mount point is considered to be a drive letter root (e. g. c:), a UNC share (e. g. \server\share), or a mounted filesystem directory. True path/. path/. c:\ \\server\share Added in version 3. 7. Changed in version 3. 12: Windows support was added. Return True if the path points to a Unix socket (or a symbolic link pointing to a Unix socket), False if it points to another kind of file. True False False is also returned if the path doesn’t exist or is a broken symlink; other errors (such as permission errors) are propagated. False Return True if the path points to a FIFO (or a symbolic link pointing to a FIFO), False if it points to another kind of file. True False False is also returned if the path doesn’t exist or is a broken symlink; other errors (such as permission errors) are propagated. False Return True if the path points to a block device (or a symbolic link pointing to a block device), False if it points to another kind of file. True False False is also returned if the path doesn’t exist or is a broken symlink; other errors (such as permission errors) are propagated. False Return True if the path points to a character device (or a symbolic link pointing to a character device), False if it points to another kind of file.