date Return time object with same hour, minute, second, microsecond and fold. tzinfo is None. See also method timetz(). time tzinfo None timetz() Changed in version 3. 6: The fold value is copied to the returned time object. time Return time object with same hour, minute, second, microsecond, fold, and tzinfo attributes. See also method time(). time time() Changed in version 3. 6: The fold value is copied to the returned time object. time Return a new datetime object with the same attributes, but with specified parameters updated. Note that tzinfo=None can be specified to create a naive datetime from an aware datetime with no conversion of date and time data. datetime tzinfo=None datetime objects are also supported by generic function copy. replace(). datetime copy. replace() Changed in version 3. 6: Added the fold parameter. Return a datetime object with new tzinfo attribute tz, adjusting the date and time data so the result is the same UTC time as self, but in tz’s local time. datetime tzinfo If provided, tz must be an instance of a tzinfo subclass, and its utcoffset() and dst() methods must not return None. If self is naive, it is presumed to represent time in the system time zone. tzinfo utcoffset() dst() None If called without arguments (or with tz=None) the system local time zone is assumed for the target time zone. The. tzinfo attribute of the converted datetime instance will be set to an instance of timezone with the zone name and offset obtained from the OS. tz=None. tzinfo timezone If self. tzinfo is tz, self. astimezone(tz) is equal to self: no adjustment of date or time data is performed. Else the result is local time in the time zone tz, representing the same UTC time as self: after astz = dt. astimezone(tz), astz - astz. utcoffset() will have the same date and time data as dt - dt. utcoffset(). self. tzinfo self. astimezone(tz) astz = dt. astimezone(tz) astz - astz. utcoffset() dt - dt. utcoffset() If you merely want to attach a timezone object tz to a datetime dt without adjustment of date and time data, use dt. replace(tzinfo=tz).